applications: serial_lte_modem: Add support for Carrier Library (#9468)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/serial_lte_modem/doc/CARRIER_AT_commands.rst

.. _SLM_AT_CARRIER:

> Carrier library AT commands

Author: Update to say "LwM2M carrier library"

*********************************

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

The following commands list contains Carrier library related AT commands.

Carrier event #XCARRIEREVT
==========================

The ``#XCARRIEREVT`` is an unsolicited notification that indicates the event of the LwM2M carrier library.

Unsolicited notification
------------------------

It indicates the event of the Carrier library.

Syntax
~~~~~~

::

>    #XCARRIEREVT=<evt_type>,<info>

Reviewer: #XCARRIEREVT: <evt_type>,<info>

* The ``<info>`` value is an integer providing additional information about the event.
  It can return the following values:

  * ``0`` - Success or nothing to report.
  * *Negative value* - Failure or request to defer an application reboot or modem functional mode change.

The events of type ``2``, ``3`` and ``4`` will typically be followed by an error event of type ``20``.
This indicates to the application that the library is waiting for the appropriate modem functional mode change.

LwM2M Carrier library #XCARRIER
===============================

The ``#XCARRIER`` command allows you to send LwM2M carrier library commands.

Set command
-----------

The set command allows you to send LwM2M carrier library commands.

Syntax
~~~~~~

::

   AT#XCARRIER=<cmd>[,<param1>[<param2]..]]

The ``<cmd>`` command is a string, and can be used as follows:

* ``AT#XCARRIER="app_data"[,<data>]``
* ``AT#XCARRIER="battery_level",<battery_level>``
* ``AT#XCARRIER="battery_status",<battery_status>``
* ``AT#XCARRIER="current",<power_source>,<current>``
* ``AT#XCARRIER="error","add|remove",<error>``
* ``AT#XCARRIER="memory_free"``
* ``AT#XCARRIER="memory_total",<memory>``

> * ``AT#XCARRIER="power_sources"[,<source1>[<source2>[,...[,<source8>]]]]``

Reviewer 2: Yes

* ``AT#XCARRIER="timezone","read|write"[,<timezone>]``
* ``AT#XCARRIER="time"``
* ``AT#XCARRIER="utc_offset","read|write"[,<utc_offset>]``
* ``AT#XCARRIER="utc_time","read|write"[,<utc_time>]``
* ``AT#XCARRIER="voltage",<power_source>,<voltage>``
* ``AT#XCARRIER="position",<latitude>,<longitude>,<altitude>,<timestamp>,<uncertainty>``

> * ``AT#XCARRIER="velocity",<heading>,<speed_h>,<speed_v>,<uncertainty_h>,<uncertainty_v>``

Reviewer 2: I've now grouped these in alphabetical order

.. _SLM_AT_CARRIER:

LwM2M carrier library AT commands
*********************************

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

> The following commands list contains Carrier library related AT commands.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following commands list contains AT commands related to the LwM2M carrier library.
```

Carrier event #XCARRIEREVT
==========================

The ``#XCARRIEREVT`` is an unsolicited notification that indicates the event of the LwM2M carrier library.

Unsolicited notification
------------------------

> It indicates the event of the Carrier library.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It indicates the event of the LwM2M carrier library.
```

Syntax
~~~~~~

::

   #XCARRIEREVT: <evt_type>,<info>

* The ``<evt_type>`` value is an integer indicating the type of the event.
  It can return the following values:

>   * ``1`` - Carrier library initialized.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  * ``1`` - LwM2M carrier library initialized.
```

  * ``2`` - Request to set modem to full functional mode.
  * ``3`` - Request to set modem to flight functional mode.
  * ``4`` - Request to set modem to minimum funtional mode.
  * ``6`` - LwM2M carrier bootstrapped.
  * ``7`` - LwM2M carrier registered.

>   * ``8`` - LwM2M carrier operation is deferred.

Reviewer 3: Should these be "LwM2M carrier library"?

  * ``9`` - Firmware update started.
  * ``10`` - Request application reboot.
  * ``12`` - Modem domain event received.
  * ``13`` - Data received through the App Data Container object.

>   * ``20`` - Carrier library error occurred.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  * ``20`` - LwM2M carrier library error occurred.
```

* The ``<info>`` value is an integer providing additional information about the event.
  It can return the following values:

  * ``0`` - Success or nothing to report.
  * *Negative value* - Failure or request to defer an application reboot or modem functional mode change.

> * The events of type ``2``, ``3`` and ``4`` will be typically followed by an error event of
>   type ``20``, which shall indicate to the application that the library is waiting for the
>   appropriate modem functional mode change.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The events of type ``2``, ``3`` and ``4`` will typically be followed by an error event of type ``20``.
This indicates to the application that the library is waiting for the appropriate modem functional mode change.
```

LwM2M Carrier library #XCARRIER
===============================

The ``#XCARRIER`` command allows you to send LwM2M carrier library commands.

Set command
-----------

> The set command allows you to send Carrier library commands.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The set command allows you to send LwM2M carrier library commands.
```
